Conclusion (#63)
MrLongbottom/P10-Article: sections/conclusion.tex

\section{Conclusion}\label{sec:conclusion}

> We explore possibilities of incorporating meta-data into existing topic models, such as \gls{lda} and \gls{pam}.
> We evaluate three different metadata, Author, Category, and Taxonomy, each of which represent the data in a different way.
> From the topic coherence results, shown in \autoref{tab:metric_results}, the \gls{pam} model using the Taxonomy meta data gets the best results.
> The Author and Category models are the worst performing, where the topic coherence is much lower than the other models.
> We want to answer the problem statement, which we stated in \autoref{sec:introduction}:

Author: ```suggestion
We explore possibilities of incorporating meta-data into existing topic models, such as \gls{lda} and \gls{pam}.
We evaluate three different metadata, Author, Category, and Taxonomy, each of which represents the data in a different way.
From the topic coherence results, shown in \autoref{tab:metric_results}, the \gls{pam} model using the Taxonomy metadata gets the best results.
The Author and Category models are the worst-performing, where the topic coherence is much lower than the other models.
We want to answer the problem statement, which we stated in \autoref{sec:introduction}:

```

\begin{itemize}
	\item \textit{How does including metadata within the \gls{lda} model impact the resulting topics?}
	\item \textit{What possible problems can these models help alleviate at Nordjyske?}
	\begin{itemize}
		\item \textit{More specifically, how can these models improve recommendation?}
	\end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

> We incorporate metadata into our topic models in multiple ways.
> The \gls{lda} model is used as a baseline, which indicates whether incorporating metadata can improve the topic quality of our topic models.
> Based on our analysis, we see that only using the metadata for topic assignment within \gls{lda}, can hurt the topic quality, which is how Author-Topic and Category-Topic is run.
> Other studies have shown, that only using the metadata for topic assignment, improves the performance.
> This might be due to the particularities of the dataset, such as authors usually do not write about the same subject within the news environment.  

Author: ```suggestion
We incorporate metadata into our topic models in multiple ways.
The \gls{lda} model is used as a baseline, which indicates whether incorporating metadata can improve the topic quality of our topic models.
Based on our analysis, we see that only using the metadata for topic assignment within \gls{lda}, can hurt the topic quality, which is how Author-Topic and Category-Topic are run.
Other studies have shown, that only using the metadata for topic assignment, improves the performance.
This might be due to the particularities of the dataset, such as authors usually do not write about the same subject within the news environment.  

```

> We use the \gls{pam} to incorporate a hierarchical structured metadata called Taxonomy, where we use a novel locking mechanism to lock the observed metadata's topic into place.
> Using this technique and model, we are able to get better topic quality and words within \gls{pam} compared to the \gls{lda}.
> However, the run time for the algorithm is quite slower than the \gls{lda}.

Author: ```suggestion
We use the \gls{pam} to incorporate a hierarchically structured metadata called Taxonomy, where we use a novel locking mechanism to lock the observed metadata's topic into place.
Using this technique and model, we can get better topic quality and words within \gls{pam} compared to the \gls{lda}.
However, the run time for the algorithm is quite slower than the \gls{lda}.

```

> Topic modeling can be used to alleviate many problem at Nordjyske, such as recommendation.
> From our models, we can use the topic distributions, to compare articles based on their similarity in topics. 
> This information can be used in content based filtering, to recommend similar articles.
> We suggest to use this topic information to enrich the recommendation process at Nordjyske. 

Author: ```suggestion
Topic modeling can be used to alleviate many problems at Nordjyske, such as recommendations.
We can use the topic distributions from our models to compare articles based on their similarity in topics. 
This information can be used in content-based filtering, to recommend similar articles.
We suggest using this topic information to enrich the recommendation process at Nordjyske. 

```

\section{Conclusion}\label{sec:conclusion}

> We explore possibilities of incorporating meta-data into existing topic models, such as \gls{lda} and \gls{pam}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We explore possibilities for incorporating metadata into existing topic models, such as \gls{lda} and \gls{pam}.
```

> We evaluate three different metadata, Author, Category, and Taxonomy, each of which represents the data in a different way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We evaluate three different metadata: Author, Category, and Taxonomy, each of which represents the data in a different way.
```

From the topic coherence results, shown in \autoref{tab:metric_results}, the \gls{pam} model using the Taxonomy metadata gets the best results.
The Author and Category models are the worst-performing, where the topic coherence is much lower than the other models.
We want to answer the problem statement, which we stated in \autoref{sec:introduction}:

\begin{itemize}
	\item \textit{How does including metadata within the \gls{lda} model impact the resulting topics?}
	\item \textit{What possible problems can these models help alleviate at Nordjyske?}
	\begin{itemize}
		\item \textit{More specifically, how can these models improve recommendation?}
	\end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

We incorporate metadata into our topic models in multiple ways.
The \gls{lda} model is used as a baseline, which indicates whether incorporating metadata can improve the topic quality of our topic models.

> Based on our analysis, we see that only using the metadata for topic assignment within \gls{lda}, can hurt the topic quality, which is how Author-Topic and Category-Topic are run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on our analysis, we see that only using the metadata for topic assignment within \gls{lda} can hurt the topic quality, which is how Author-Topic and Category-Topic are run.
```

> Other studies have shown, that only using the metadata for topic assignment, improves the performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other studies have shown that only using the metadata for topic assignment can improve the performance.
```

> This might be due to the particularities of the dataset, such as authors usually do not write about the same subject within the news environment.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might be due to the particularities of the dataset, such as authors not usually writing about the same subject within the news environment.  
```

> We use the \gls{pam} to incorporate a hierarchically structured metadata called Taxonomy, where we use a novel locking mechanism to lock the observed metadata's topic into place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the \gls{pam} to incorporate a hierarchically structured metadata called Taxonomy, where we use a novel locking mechanism to lock the observed metadata's topics into place.
```

> Using this technique and model, we can get better topic quality and words within \gls{pam} compared to the \gls{lda}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using this model and technique, we can get better topic quality and words within \gls{pam} compared to the \gls{lda}.
```

> However, the run time for the algorithm is quite slower than the \gls{lda}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the run time of the algorithm is quite slow compared to the \gls{lda}.
\todo[inline]{Remember to include the run time of pachinko in the discussion}
```

Topic modeling can be used to alleviate many problems at Nordjyske, such as recommendations.

> We can use the topic distributions from our models to compare articles based on their similarity in topics. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use the topic distributions from our models to compare articles based on their similarity in topics.
For example, the author-topic model's topic distribution can be used to recommend similar authors, while in the topic distributions of the taxonomy model, there is the possibility of looking at topics from different layers.
```

> This information can be used in content-based filtering, to recommend similar articles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This information can be used in a content-based filtering approach to recommend similar articles.
```

\section{Conclusion}\label{sec:conclusion}

> We explore possibilities for incorporating metadata into existing topic models, such as \gls{lda} and \gls{pam}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this paper, we explore possibilities for incorporating metadata into existing topic models, such as \gls{lda} and \gls{pam}.
```

Author: Det er bare fyld ord vil jeg mene :)

Reviewer 2: jeg syntes det andet er en sær måde at starte en konklusion på, idk :/
@Starrock45 ? hvad siger du

Reviewer: Jeg har ikke et stort problem med "in this paper" her. Det gør det muligvis lidt tydeligere at vi snakker om hele artiklen i dette afsnit. Jeg kan også se at nogle andre artikler gør det samme. :)

> We evaluate three different metadata: Author, Category, and Taxonomy, each of which represents the data in a different way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We evaluate these models based on three different metadata: Author, Category, and Taxonomy, each of which represents the data in a different way.

```

From the topic coherence results, shown in \autoref{tab:metric_results}, the \gls{pam} model using the Taxonomy metadata gets the best results.

> The Author and Category models are the worst-performing, where the topic coherence is much lower than the other models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Author and Category models based on \gls{lda} are the worst-performing, where the topic coherence is much lower than the other models.

```

We want to answer the problem statement, which we stated in \autoref{sec:introduction}:

\begin{itemize}
	\item \textit{How does including metadata within the \gls{lda} model impact the resulting topics?}
	\item \textit{What possible problems can these models help alleviate at Nordjyske?}
	\begin{itemize}
		\item \textit{More specifically, how can these models improve recommendation?}
	\end{itemize}
\end{itemize}

We incorporate metadata into our topic models in multiple ways.
The \gls{lda} model is used as a baseline, which indicates whether incorporating metadata can improve the topic quality of our topic models.

> Based on our analysis, we see that only using the metadata for topic assignment within \gls{lda} can hurt the topic quality, which is how Author-Topic and Category-Topic are run.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Based on the results of Author-Topic and Category-Topic, we see that only using the metadata for topic assignment within \gls{lda} can hurt the topic quality.
```
